this is frank hylton a free bachelor's
com today I want to present to you hog
wild lures cog sticks hog sticks are a
soft plastic worm that assault
impregnated has a healthy profile and
has a slow sink rate each bait is
scented with bio edge potions and comes
in four and a quarter five and a quarter
and six inch sizes hog sticks come in
many colors and it's packaged with 15
baits for the four and a quarter and
five recorder the six inch worms come in
12 Bates per pet hog sticks can be
rigged in many ways here are just a few
the Texas rig the Carolina rig the shaky
head rig drop shot and the wacky rig one
of the best ways that i use hog sticks
is to rig them wacky style with the
wacky jig heads or weightless take a
look how these two presentations look in
the water I especially love to use the
weightless rig when conditions are tough
because the bait will sink slow and stay
in the strike zone longer when you buy
traditional stick baits on the market
you will usually get eight to ten Bates
per pack costing you between five and
eight dollars with hawks tix you get 12
to 15 Bates depending on the size you
get for around five dollars per pet that
is a great value hog sticks have quickly
become a sensation throughout the United
States and Canada from the tournament
trail right on down to the weekend
fishermen at five dollars a pack for so
many Bates it is a great value and a
great bargain take a look at some bass
caught using hog sticks
you